we're Dilshan now in his first test
matches captain has to try and pull the
right strings with hitting a parasol
because by the runs they've got on the
board Suranga Lakmal
in distress right
slightly slinging the wide
there will be any undue pace see what
happens
well us first one let's induced damage -
- plays open the post the bats who've
managed to get it past garlic and he
opened his account with a banjo
so the career record in those one
international 32 workers at 21
little plan a mess I'd say nibble
outside the offs done
that's the line he wants to be bowling
17 without loss still
they can get 400 without anything from
saying a car on the haylage i award true
strauss have been absolutely not maybe
that's got something to do with it but
this occasion strauss latches on to
something a little short wide as is want
but on this occasion I'm just Ross gun
we're on deliveries like that as Beaton
extra cover
and the ten-thirty phenom dismissals in
play
pulled high-torque handsomely
and pulled away for fall quick box baby
only just short of a length with a
notable thing about this much the back
come flying through
outside edge gum wall it's always good
to take one of the back end of the day
outside edge perfect aim for Sri Lanka
giant Wardner takes a good low catch and
if you keep putting it there or there
abouts eventually you'll get rewarded a
better line didn't hide the ball too
wide
good line top of off stamp good low
catch and the England captain's gone
that'll lift spirits in Sri Lanka
dressing room at the end of play Strauss
has gone for 20 46 for one just a minute
to that
Anderson
takes a single eel of the strike first
took tomorrow morning that's the end of
the second day to play England tours on
47 for one we've just have 20 orders
there with a single innings losing a
wicket right at the very end
Andrew Strauss for chair warden of all
Lakmal for 20